---
title: Why Criminality is an unwise Career Path
date: 2016-08-30 14:05:00 -07:00
categories:
- blog-posts
tags:
- background
layout: post
---

### Why Criminality is an unwise Career Path
I wouldn't open up a job interview by submitting to a background check nor choose it for first date conversation. In fact I would prefer to not talk about this sort of thing at all given my experience with criminality is as close to me being an high school as my age is close to 40. And I can promise that for each thing I did do I was charged with 3 something as a kid I was too scared to fight and just rationalized as well think of things I didn't get caught doing. But it's as relevant in my daily life as my non existent prom night and brought up in conversation even less. I have struggled to bring a higher level moral character into sales companies that began without any regard to rules. I've many times risked it all and been called by someone close to me as "frankenstein" for an apparent over-eagerness to mess with my already perfectly honed model. Well my reason for doing what I did at those times was both an issue of ethical concern as well as strategy for longevity or scalability its actually a lot of hard work to scale and fund a con and not many can pull it off the only ones I know personally that have did it in software instead, downplaying that they are boiler room hustlers of the worst variety some times dealerships I fired because easy money always has a price I've done in my own industry more than enough and can't name a single other person in it's history that have done a single goddamn thing to be more ethical. I don't make ethical sacrifices for money generally speaking without much cleverness the two are well known to be diametrically opposed not by necessity but by evidence of history and the nature of humankind and capitalism. PJ O'Rourke said once that capitalism works because it rewards selfishness. And human  beings are inherently selfish. And so the egregious way in which corporations have bent the law to their will and allow their morality to be bent by the dollar is sickening. From GE and their toxic dumping of PCB's or better  the contamination of wallla walla prison to Enron, and of course the crown jewel of reprehensible the health care industry who has found in the near infinite number of ways capitalism can be used to monetize and leverage a commodity they've made a conscious decision to The most basic examples being so things happen in industry that are not good but not any surprise  of practice  I can say first hand   and presenting for funding it matters when a sales engine takes much infrastructure and time to reproduce so reflecting on the lifespan of sales reps that demand any specific in-motion environment in order to train right. So if I'm going to sell a dishonest product, I have to be prepared to hire dishonest people OK with that sort of thing, and then accept the consequences when their dishonesty results in some action that results in them not having the lifespan that a more typical and commonplace employee of a successful organization has. If you cannot sustain your model without constantly fuelling the recruitment engine to cycle through sales reps 4x as fast as clients, that's fine just don't think you can call yourself a sales company because you are not. You by this description are more appropriately referred to in relation to what your marketable commodity that which you spend most of your time focusing is, human resources. Your marketable commodity is staffing, and however you do it you are marking up that labor. Just like I wouldn't call 3 guys in a fraternity room with a team of Indians on odesk doing everything for them students, or when they get older and call themselves a software startup, and well I won't go there.  


I've had at least 4 accidents between people hitting my car while its parked in a parking lot and I'm not in it,  An accidental suspension of my license x2, and the same district lost my license plate and was unable to reissue at any DMV for 2 years oh,and I drive sports cars so there are some tickets in there for sure. The ugly is that 20 years ago I spent a few months as a drug dealer. and i got busted. and the circumstance was not normal. The search was beyond illegal, I never said anything but maybe out of fear I would disclose some things I was branded as getting off easy (I didn't) and certainly I was guilty for double the amount they checked in if you are curious, but I got pulled over 27 or so times in the next year alone. And well not the circumstance you want to give them any ammunition but what can I say I fucked up, a few times. And so it doesnt matter that for every misdeameanor thye write up 3 because when you reall end up at the wrong place but at just the right time, you might just smoking a cigarette listening to zep1 on scoring a ew joint and your friends comes back to the car so quickly after the sound of the smashing  glass you dont even know what happened. you figure it out quick though when he drops his bag and runs through the hills seeing those red and white lights and what more is there to say truthfully I've disliked that guy since we were 8 and I saw him eat a booger. Fucking disgusting. And so there went more than I could put into words. I wasn't even drinking age. The fact that I ran my own sales office for 18 hours a day times 2 years before I was 20 should count for something, but times like this make it not. End of story.



