---
layout: post
title: moz profile summary draft
---

from [moz.com ray's profile](https://moz.com/community/users/415195)

I said I dislike talking about myself so here is another installment in the *too little too late* series of pieces by and about me ... sickening. The bright side is some people statistically would find it interesting, I mean Kim Kardashian is interesting and she doesn't do anything so I do a lot, maybe I'm a little interesting? MY self deprecating logic. I don't like having to do this but for reasons you have to read quite a lot of drivel on my site to really appreciate, I have to. So much that it may be the biggest mistake of my life, not doing more of it. So goodbye anonymity well not so fast, I'm posting on a mispelling of an alias of my name and for the moment the file is encrypted... But that must change.Namely because there is nothing left to lose.


I'm Ray Anthony, sometimes Ray Kooyenga. At my core I'm a sales guy. I'm also a sales manager, a business owner, an entrepreneur, an investor, and an engineer who builds front and backend web applications or server software. As a manager I lead by example my job has been to do this in front of other sales guys as part of my method for training them to do the same. I am mostly a business man, being able to build, rebuild, and takeover sales organizations, often to the top of their market, is what I am best at and occupies most of my time. I make things in an engineering capacity as well. Its not uncommon for me to code the software from germ of idea to production model to fit uniquely and specifically the marketing angle and add foundation to a sales proposition or pitch. I expect to then personally oversee that process, to scale. Contextual Ad Networks are not rocket science nor is marketing such a product direct at a 10k times markup as compared to Doubleclick, Adsense, and other pop traffic pipe dreams a new business may rest their confidences with. HD voice and video group or encrypted peer to peer? Sure. Mostly done with that since 2007. Iframe/html5 ads? I sort of ran the highest grossing office in the country and that whole industry until I needed a change. Recently in the California Cannabis culture some not so focused or well trained new comers are making their play at entrepreneurship. Sounds like a recipe for a place I don't want to be, wouldn't you know it though I'm right in the middle of it. Don't do what you love, love just doing what you are both truly good at and not driven insane by. For myself that's just doing some or all of the above. My companies combined with my personal projects combined number over 600 sites that dominate their market over and above basic top 3 listing objectives, which is but 1 small factor in the success of a business. For myself that I didn't even mention my last project earned over a million and started from scratch including $70k in the first marathon 8 weeks, should serve as some proof I have more than a passing familiarity with what it takes for real SEO and building real businesses. I will consider intriguing and equitable business proposition but most commonly I take equity, as I've never not regretted building someone else's business for them. If you have a high margin deal with a strong and unique competitive advantage that needs the sort of ability and passion I can bring, then don't be afraid to seek me out as a partner.
